okay I got my power supply down here let
me go ahead and plug it in
plugged in now I don't know if y'all i'm
sure most you know how to do this but
you can actually turn the power supply
power on without actually having and
hooked up to the computer and what you
want to do if you look at the 24-pin see
the green you short-circuit the green
and either the black that's to its left
or the other black so you tie those two
together and your power supply will kick
on when you kick on the power so let me
do that right now I got a little piece
of wire made up to do this okay so I
have those two shorted together and I'm
now going to kick on the power on the
back of it okay it's kicked on okay
turned on looks to me like bread is
what's showing right now so there's red
let me turn the light off okay so
there's the red fan and it's still kind
of brightness room let me turn it
there's blue and green and then there's
off so you have four settings green off
blue and red and more likely i'll be
using red for my ability since i use
read a lot now i know if no other power
supplied it does that right there it may
seem trivial but it shows that they put
a lot of thought into what people want
so I tells me they put a lot of thought
into how to make a power supply good
enough then of course you have the green
status light on the back and then the
manual tells you if depend on what color
that says tells you if you have a ground
fault or or sure it wasn't turning back
off the mush king jewel 1200 watt power
supply I can only think it's going to do
wonderful and of course I will follow up
with review now to the teaser part of
this video what I'm going to show you
here is that I actually bought 2 1200
watts and if you go to newegg they are
two hundred fifty dollars apiece but
much can if you go to their website
right now in today's date is the eight
Hertz the seventh of May they have
munsell for a hundred and eighty-nine
dollars apiece you will not get any
better deal than that anywhere and
another thing is that there is a five
year warranty and that is I only know of
two warranties better than that that is
the pc power and cooling seven-year
warranty and the be the bfg lifetime
warranty but i don't know if the FG is
still one hundred percent in the makin
power supplies so you ask me the
question what could cause me to buy 2 2
1200 watt power supplies well this is
what I bought and there will be a new
bill coming up but I'll show you yes I
have four 4 80's that i will be using
for my new bill so please be sure to
subscribe and stay tuned for the
upcoming video of my bin thank you